For every cell in every column we look at the cell (`current cell`) and
a differenct cell (`other cell`) and perform some condition checks to see
how we should behave. They are listed in the order they are performed.
	0. Are neither the current nor the other cell empty and are they
	   also both not the same?
	1. Are the current cell and the other cell empty?
 	2. Is the other cell filled with a value. but the current cell is
 	   empty?
 	3. Are the values of the current and the other cell the same? (We
 	   don't have to check for empty cells here, because we already
 	   know that they are not empty)
 	4. Is anything else true? Like really? Maybe a cell is in some
 	   sort of superposition because we've used threadsanitze.
 
Now we can not react to all conditions in the same manner (if we could
we would not have to check for anything and just do that), so here is
how we respond (ordered according to the numbers up there):
	0. We move our current cell one up. Why? Because we have a 
	   current cell that is filled with a value and a diffrent cell
	   that is also filled with a value, but those aren't the same,
	   so even if there is a cell with a value somwhere behind that
	   other cell, we can't reach it because the other cell blocks it.
	1. Welp,  can't do anything, but move the other cell one up.
	2. Yes! That is good. We can now move the value of the other cell
	   into the current cell and then empty the other cell. We can't
	   break however, since a merger would at this point be still
	   legal and thus we instead just move `other cell` one up.
	3. Yes! That is good, again. We have a match in value, the current
	   cell and that other cell can be merged, so we multiply the
	   current cell by two, empty the other cell and add the value of
	   the current cell to the points. We then can move on to the next
	   cell to be our current cell.
	4. Since we do not know how and why this evaluated to true, we will
	   not do anything and act as if they were both empty. We can not
	   merge case 1 with this, since we have to check if the cells are
	   both empty, but we might be able to remove this, but it does not
	   hurt so why should we?

Since all move functions work based upon this logic, only the difference
in the mathy bit are explained.

Maths bit (NOTE: Depending on the direction of the move the actual used
variables will change):
	limit 	--> How many cells are after the other cell we are currently looking
		    at. This is calculated as the number of cells minus the original
		    other cell position.
	idx	--> The offset of the other cell from the original other cell.
	cell	--> The position of the other cell.
